Update use-upgrade-readiness-to-manage-windows-upgrades.md (#3415)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/upgrade/use-upgrade-readiness-to-manage-windows-upgrades.md

# Use Upgrade Readiness to manage Windows upgrades

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >**The OMS portal has been deprecated; you should start using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) instead as soon as possible.** Many experiences are the same in the two portals, but there are some key differences. See [Windows Analytics in the Azure Portal](../update/windows-analytics-azure-portal.md) for steps to use Windows Analytics in the Azure portal. For much more information about the transition from OMS to Azure, see [OMS portal moving to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-oms-portal-transition). [Get started with Upgrade Readiness](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/upgrade-readiness-get-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**The OMS portal has been deprecated; you should start using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) instead as soon as possible.** Many experiences are the same in the two portals, but there are some key differences. See [Windows Analytics in the Azure Portal](../update/windows-analytics-azure-portal.md) for steps to use Windows Analytics in the Azure portal. For much more information about the transition from OMS to Azure, see [OMS portal moving to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-oms-portal-transition) and [Get started with Upgrade Readiness](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/upgrade-readiness-get-started).
```

> >**The OMS portal has been deprecated; you should start using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) instead as soon as possible.** Many experiences are the same in the two portals, but there are some key differences. See [Windows Analytics in the Azure Portal](../update/windows-analytics-azure-portal.md) for steps to use Windows Analytics in the Azure portal. For much more information about the transition from OMS to Azure, see [OMS portal moving to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-oms-portal-transition). [Get started with Upgrade Readiness](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/upgrade-readiness-get-started)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**The OMS portal has been deprecated. Switch to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) instead.** The two portals offer the same experience, with some key differences. Learn how to use [Windows Analytics in the Azure Portal]((../update/windows-analytics-azure-portal.md) Find out more about the [OMS portal moving to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-oms-portal-transition) or jump right in and [Get started with Upgrade Readiness](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/upgrade-readiness-get-started).
```

> >**The OMS portal has been deprecated; you should start using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) instead as soon as possible.** Many experiences are the same in the two portals, but there are some key differences. See [Windows Analytics in the Azure Portal](../update/windows-analytics-azure-portal.md) for steps to use Windows Analytics in the Azure portal. For much more information about the transition from OMS to Azure, see [OMS portal moving to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-oms-portal-transition) and [Get started with Upgrade Readiness](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/upgrade-readiness-get-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>>**The OMS portal has been deprecated, so you need to switch to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) now.** The two portals offer the same experience, with some key differences. Learn how to use [Windows Analytics in the Azure Portal](../update/windows-analytics-azure-portal.md). Find out more about the [OMS portal moving to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-oms-portal-transition), or jump right in and [Get started with Upgrade Readiness](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/upgrade-readiness-get-started).
```
